Celigo.SuiteTalk/src/README.md, before:

﻿In order to generate the SuiteTalk stub, run the following command:

1. Install `dotnet-svcutil` globally
   `dotnet tool install --global dotnet-svcutil`

2. Run (e.g. for 2018.2 WSDL)

   ```
   dotnet svcutil https://webservices.netsuite.com/wsdl/v2018_2_0/netsuite.wsdl -n "*,SuiteTalk"
   ```

3. This will generate a `Reference.cs file in `<SolutionDir>\2018.2\ServiceReference`. Move this file to 
   `<SolutionDir>\Celigo.SuiteTalk\src\Connected Services\SuiteTalk` folder overwriting the existing file. 
   
4. Open `Reference.cs` file and do a Find & Replace and replace the following regex patterns with empty strings:
    `\(Order=[0-9]+\)`
    `\,\sOrder=[0-9]+`

5. Ensure that all `Order` attributes have been removed from XmlElementAttribute annotations by searching for the text `Order=`.
   If there are any ordering left, remove them as well.

6. Comment out `System.ComponentModel.DefaultValueAttribute` for all replace all fields

7. Update the references to the SuiteTalk version:

   7.1 Update the namesapce URLs in `SuiteTalkSchemas.cs`.

	7.2 Update `SuiteTalkVersion` in `INetSuiteClient.cs`

8. Delete contents of the `<SolutionDir>\Celigo.SuiteTalk\src\SuiteTalk\Generated` folder.

9. Unload the `UnitTests` project.

10. Perform the build.

Commit message:

moving missing references to a folder

Celigo.SuiteTalk/src/README.md, after:

﻿In order to generate the SuiteTalk stub, run the following command:

1. Install `dotnet-svcutil` globally
   `dotnet tool install --global dotnet-svcutil`

2. Run (e.g. for 2018.2 WSDL)

   ```
   dotnet svcutil https://webservices.netsuite.com/wsdl/v2018_2_0/netsuite.wsdl -n "*,SuiteTalk"
   ```

3. This will generate a `Reference.cs file in `<SolutionDir>\2018.2\ServiceReference`. Move this file to
   `<SolutionDir>\Celigo.SuiteTalk\src\Connected Services\SuiteTalk` folder overwriting the existing file.

4. Open `Reference.cs` file and do a Find & Replace and replace the following regex patterns with empty strings:
   `\(Order=[0-9]+\)`
   `\,\sOrder=[0-9]+`

5. Ensure that all `Order` attributes have been removed from XmlElementAttribute annotations by searching for the
   text `Order=`.
   If there are any ordering left, remove them as well.

6. Comment out `System.ComponentModel.DefaultValueAttribute` for all replace all fields

7. Update the references to the SuiteTalk version:

   7.1 Update the namesapce URLs in `SuiteTalkSchemas.cs`.

   7.2 Update `SuiteTalkVersion` in `INetSuiteClient.cs`
8. Add any missing classes or enums to `MissingReferences` directory
   9Delete contents of the `<SolutionDir>\Celigo.SuiteTalk\src\SuiteTalk\Generated` folder.

10Unload the `UnitTests` project.

11.Perform the build.
